The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
What is the truth?
Do you kill people?
No.
No more lies, please.
No more lies.
My American friend
picked up some chatter.
Rodin price point agreed.
Jackal en route.
A contract's been
taken out on your life.
UDC Who's taken out this contract?
We don't have that information, sir.
Norman definitely knew
we were coming.
Who exactly is this Norman Stoke?
The sniper took the weapon
he used to kill Fest
with him, and this is how he did it.
All thanks to Norman Stoke.
Norman...
...I need an address.
I'll talk to my man.
I want you to see this.
Tell me everything I need to know.
JASMINE Mum!
The Jackal, where is he now?
He should be in Tallinn.
You need to find him
and stay with him.
Hello.
You've taken twenty million dollars
from people
who are used
to getting what they paid for.
And they didn't pay you
to go rogue in Munich.
If I don't deliver, if YOU...
...don't deliver,
they will take extreme measures.
You do not want to make enemies
of these people.
They're more powerful than you know.
If you don't believe me...
...just ask Norman Stoke.
Nobody wants you
to succeed more than me.
I'm a huge admirer of your work.
# Some flowers
♪ Never get to bloom and see the day
♪ Some flowers
♪ Are content to wish
their lives away
♪ Some may rise
♪ And some may fall
♪ But only
♪ You make
♪ Heaven
♪ Seem it's true
♪ So, only
♪ You can
♪ Tell them
♪ This is who I am
♪ This is who I am!
♪ No lie
♪ Know that
♪ This is who I am ♪
I'll be staying in Tallinn
until delivery, so...
If you need anything
you can call me.
My phone's secure.
A babysitter
Anything.
You alright?
Great.
Look, Bianca when we...
He tried to kill my daughter.
Fair point.
Outside.
Go on, off you fuck.
No-one comes in. Understood?
Where's Norman?
Fuck you.
Trust me when I say,
I will find Norman
and I will kill him myself.
She ain't fucking about.
We're not police.
We don't need arrest warrants.
She finds him, she's gonna kill him.
Tell us what we need to know...
...and one,
we don't kill Norman.
Two, instead of you
going to prison for life,
the two of you do...
...what, five years max.
Nice, comfy prison. You'll do five
standing on your head, Larry.
And three...
You get to go home
to bury Alison, Emma,
and say your goodbyes.
So, you gonna to speak to me?
No?
Fuck you.
'Congratulations
on your last performance.'
Thank you. It was only made possible
by a very fine instrument.
Made by a maestro.
'Yeah, the best.
That's why I keep coming back.'
'What do you need this time?'
Er, before I get to that, um...
I've got a question for you, Norman.
'Shoot.'
What's been going on with you?
What'd you mean?
'I mean...'
Have you experienced
anything unusual...
'..recently?'
You could say 'unusual', yeah.
'How did you know?'
What exactly?
I need to know before
we can... go any further.
'I was on a business trip.'
Abroad. Some visitors showed up.
They weren't invited
and they weren't bringing flowers.
'Who were they?'
I didn't stop to chat.
'Let's just say I gave 'em
a wee Belfast welcome,
then I got out of there.'
'I dealt with them.'
Right, and you're 100% secure now?
'One hundred percent.'
You know I don't like risks.
'You know I don't either.'
Distance to the target is 75 metres.
'Not like you to get that snug.'
'Yeah.
Unfortunately, it's my only option.'
What are the obstacles?
'A...'
...metal detector
and an ultra-sensitive scanner
but I've got an idea for that.
When you need it?
'Well, the job's in five days.'
There's a problem.
Name your price, old man.
'Nah.'
It's not about the money.
The visitors I mentioned?
I got clipped in the arm.
Can't even wipe my arse properly.
'On my own
I won't make your deadline.'
Well, is there anyone
that can help you?
'No-one I trust.'
Would you trust me?
OK! Stop!
No more!
You won't kill him?
Is that a guarantee?
Cast iron.
Where is he, Larry?
Where's Norman?
Budapest.
Budapest?
What's the address?
I was only there the once.
He picked me up at the airport.
How long did it take
to get from the airport to his
- place?
- I don't know, about an hour?
It was out of town.
Was it a village?
A suburb? What'd it look like?
There, there was a...
...coffee shop at the corner
of Norman's street.
And there were stables
out the back. With horses.
What sort of place has he got?
A house, apartment?
It not a house,
it's a big white building.
With a gate. And a yard.
That's all I know. I swear.
That is all I know!
How'd you find out where I live?
Norman told me.
How did Norman know?
Norman moves in different
circles than me.
He can find stuff out.
'Hi. It's Nuria.'
'A call'
'for all remaining passengers on
flight EST119 flying to Budapest.'
'Please, proceed immediately
to gate five'
'and have your boarding passes
ready.'
So, one of these guys...
...is a dirty little mole...
Yep. Just, give me a minute.
I have an update
on Alexander Duggan.
Uh-huh?
He was a loner. Details freak.
Pure sniper material.
His unit specialised
in eliminating Taliban leaders.
Killed a lot of people.
But they were taken out
by an IED in Helmand in 2013.
So, Duggan is dead?
Yep.
Was his body recovered?
Well, I assume so, but I can check.
Yep.
OK...
Hey, bit of a weird
atmosphere in the office.
Paranoia levels are going through-
Can you...
...get a photograph
of Duggan while you're at it.
Yeah, copy that.
Alright.
I've widened the parameters
to make it
a 90-minute radius from the airport.
He described it as a big, white
building with a gate and a yard.
Coffee shop on the corner
of the street, stables at the back.
How long until we have
a precise location?
It's a little vague.
Might take a while.
Well,
get a move on.
An assassin's on the run.
Right. No pressure then
You haven't given me
much to work with.
'The Thinker or the Stinker?'
Shit.
Rodan is UDC.
The Jackal's next target.
Well,
that certainly raises the stakes.
He's been pissing off
a lot of powerful people.
I assume you've shared this
with Isabel?
You said keep the circle tight.
He knows. We go way back.
Alright. What's your next step?
I need to find Norman Stoke
and we think
we have a rough idea
of where Norman is.
Where?
I get it.
But I'm assuming as soon as you have
a precise location,
you'll want to move quickly
and pick him up?
Yeah, that's the plan.
For which you'll need authorisation
and logistical support.
Apart from Isabel the only person
who can do that, under the radar,
is me.
If I'm to help,
I need the details. Where is he?
Somewhere near Budapest.
We don't know where exactly,
but as soon as we do we can move.
I'll start making arrangements.
When you're ready to roll,
let me know.
Yeah, in your own time.
Been standing here
for the past 20 minutes.
'I know.'
'You're taller than I imagined.'
'And slimmer.'
'OK, where the fuck are you?'
Go to the south-east corner
of the square.
'I'll pick you up.'
♪ I've been down with a broken heart
♪ Since the day I learned to speak
♪ The devil gave me a crooked start
♪ When he gave me crooked feet
♪ But Gabriel done came to me
♪ And kissed me in my sleep
♪ And I'll be singing like an angel
♪ Until I'm six feet deep
♪ I found myself an omen
♪ And I tattooed on a sign
♪ I set my mind to wandering
And I walk a broken line
♪ You have a mind to keep me quiet
♪ And although you can try
♪ Better men have hit their knees
And bigger men have died... ♪
What's the update?
'We've got
seventeen possible locations'
'within 90 minutes of the airport.'
Yeah, that's not gonna work.
Take it down to sixty.
'A 60-minute radius gives you...'
'..eleven locations
that fit your criteria.'
Ah, still too many.
'Do you have anything else
to narrow it down?'
Nope.
'Alright, we'll see
what else we can come up with.'
Fingers crossed, hey.
Their house is the next left.
Hi, Angela-
D'you have any idea
how much damage you're causing?
Wow.
Straight in. I'm just here
to talk to my husband and my child.
Can you call them, please-
A good mother
wouldn't have to be here.
- A good mother?
- That's enough.
You do NOT want me to comment
on you-I do NOT want...
Angela, go inside.
I'll deal with this.
No-one's trying to speak to you.
I'm trying to talk to my husband...
Please, just go back inside... and
my child! 'I'll deal with this.'
Really?! Please.
Think of it from her point of view.
Why do I need to look at it from her
point of view... Hey! Hey, hey...
...when I'm here to speak to you
and my child and she's chatting-
What happened might be normal
to you, but for us,
it's really fucking scary!
OK. Jasmine, is she there?
What's going on?
She's fine, she's with the boys.
They've been really great with her.
So has Angela.
Are you coming home?
Or are you staying here
with your fucking ex-wife?
Hm?
OK.
From the start, you've been
really upfront with me
about how much you love your job
and how important it is to you, OK?
But last night you brought danger
into our home.
And between that knife being held at
my daughters neck
and that gun you had pointed
in her direction,
Jasmine could've been
fucking killed.
But she wasn't. I dealt with it.
She said you tortured the man.
He had information and
I needed to get it from him.
I don't, I don't even wanna know
what you're saying
with that statement, but...
...either way, Jesus Christ, it's...
It's not really ideal
mothering is it, Bianca?
I am trying, Paul, but
I have a job to do-
We've all got jobs to do!
It's just that some of us
understand that in family,
you've gotta make compromises.
In your job, you can...
...be late for a conference or
bring in a paper late
and it's just...
My job,
if I'm not where they tell me to be,
at the exact time that they tell me
to be there,
then someone dies.
Do you understand?!
I don't recognise you anymore.
Welcome to my humble abode.
Seventy-five metres, you said?
Yeah.
What are the limitations?
Right. So,
main limitation's gonna be size,
so the action and bolt should be
no bulkier than about that.
D'you need a trigger guard?
No, but I was wondering
if I could get the trigger removable
like the last one,
so that I can attach it
just before firing.
- Why?
- Ah, because the whole mechanism
needs to fit into that.
Oh, yes.
That's nice. That's very clever.
Thank you.
And I mentioned the scanner.
And I think that's gonna be
pretty sensitive.
Ah, fracture boots
are made of plastic and polymer.
They'll get
through the scanner easy,
but the... the firing mechanism
and... the barrel,
they're gonna show up.
So, I was wondering about
the whole thing plastic?
Y-You can't make a barrel
out of plastic.
Doesn't matter
if it's machined or 3D printed,
but we could try...
...a low-round-count
disposable barrel made from...
...a lightweight alloy.
Right, and how many rounds
would that get me?
Usually it'll be a...
...one-shot throwaway, but
with a maestro like me,
you can get up to eight shots.
Seven, for sure.
Alright, no, that'll be plenty.
Er, can I get a silencer as well?
We could print the suppressor core.
It would confuse
the... scanner operators.
What we thinking time wise?
Ah, it's gonna takes us
four or five hours
to write the programme
and then... another ten hours
to print.
Do you have time for that?
If we start now, yeah.
Alright, well...
I'm off for a shite,
a shower, and a smoke.
Then I'll be ready.
Right.
Shall we get started?
Let us.
G, nine...
...M, eight, two.
Yeah.
M, one, four, zero.
S, one, four.
That's the printing started.
It'll take...
...ten, twelve hours.
Pain medication.
Yeah, yeah
You have a wee drop?
No, I'm good thank you.
Ah, you might change your mind.
There we go.
Cheers.
Go on then. Well done.
Jesus, look at these glasses.
This place could do
with a woman's touch.
Did you ever have a wife?
A wife?
- Yeah.
- Nah.
Well, once... nearly.
She was a great woman, great cook,
great in bed...
She was great company.
Ah, but sure in... our game...
...you can't have a wife.
You think?
A hundred percent. Especially
if you fall in love with them.
And I was always falling in love.
Fucking nightmare.
I'm a hopeless romantic.
Is that what that trip abroad was?
Was that a romantic thing?
No, no. No. That was...
That was business.
A client with specialist needs,
like you.
Where'd you go?
Client confidentiality.
The silence makes me...
...a bit nervous.
It was Belarus... alright?
Does that settle your nerves?
Who came calling for you
in Belarus, Norman? Russians?
They had English accents.
D'you see them?
The bitch who shot me, I saw her
alright, aye-A woman?
Black woman. She had a Glock 17.
A black... armed British woman...
...in Belarus.
You lied to me, old man.
Wh... How am I lying to you?
I'm telling you all about it,
aren't I-
How did you get away from
an MI6 snatch squad, Norman?
I had a bit of help.
Yeah.
I got a tip-off
they were on their way.
Who from?
I don't know.
There was no number...
It was... it was just a message
said, 'Clear out now.'
You're an artist, my friend,
and you've always been discreet.
But if that changes...
Yeah?
'I've got good news. We think
we found Norman's location.'
'It fits all the parameters, an
abandoned factory in a place called'
'Lorinci.'
Are you sure?
'As sure as we can be.'
'Large white building, 56 minutes
from Budapest airport.'
'Right now it's our best shot.'
Osi,
we might have a location.
Do we have authorisation?
'So, it is Budapest?'
Yeah, it's Budapest.
'I'll inform the Hungarians'
'that we're going to be operating
on their turf.'
'You get to the airport,
I'll get the authorisation.'
'If you need anything else,
give me a call.'
Do you trust him?
Do you?
Try it on.
Yeah that's...
...weirdly comfortable.
The scanner will pick up
the metal components,
but that shouldn't surprise
the operator.
If he asks you to take it off,
you can tell him
to fuck off on medical grounds.
Show me how to build it.
That is a fucking work
of art, that is.
So, where's the nearest place
I can take this for a spin
without attracting attention?
Oh, top of the road, turn right.
Left at the train tracks
and keep going
until you get to some woods.
Right.
You can take my car.
I'm off to bed.
Oh.
You'll need these.
Couple of special ones
in there, too.
Remember...
It's not gunmetal.
You'll get eight shots from it.
To be on the safe side,
keep the test firing to a minimum.
'Welcome to Budapest.
The local time is...'
'..01:35. We'd like to
wish you a safe onward journey.'
There he is.
Actually sorry, d'you know what,
can I get the small one?
How much is that?
Two thousand, please.
Two thousand, thank you very much.
Hi...
'..stranger.'
Hello, my love.
Are you alright?
Yes.
'Are you sure?'
'I've been trying you.'
'You sure you're OK?'
'I'm fine. I just...'
'..needed some time to think.'
OK.
Well, all good I'm hoping?
'Yeah, I think so.'
'When are you coming back?'
Four or five days. A week at most.
And then I promise you,
you are gonna be so bored of me,
you're gonna be begging me to leave.
I just want everything to be
the way it used to be.
It's just up here on the left.
How's our little boy
doing?''NURIA: He's great.'
'Exhausting, but great.'
I miss you both so much.
'We miss you, too.'
'But there's something we need
to discuss, Charles.'
'Did you hear me?'
Yeah...
Certainly fits Larry's description.
This is important, Charles.
I've gotta run now, but I'll
speak to you in a sec, OK? Love you.
'Bye.'
Bye, bye.
We can cut the power,
it's all arranged.
I just don't want
a repeat of Belarus.
What d'you wanna do?
It's your call.
Fuck...
Right. Remember we need him alive,
yeah? OK...
'Yeah?'
You've got visitors. One of them
'looks like your friend from MI6.
Clean up and get out now.'
Just make sure you clean up.
Fuck...
Fuck.
OK. Not this one.
Come on, you bastards!
Breaching!
Move!
Fuck off!
Fuck.
Hello, Norman.
Hmm...
I know you made the gun
that killed Manfred Fest.
You know fuck all.
And here you are...
...making a new one already, Norman.
Is this for the Jackal as well?
I haven't the foggiest idea
what you're talking about.
Must be impossible
with just the one arm?
Oh, what's all this?
Did you have
a little friend over, Norman?
Well, that makes sense.
You're a pretty sad
specimen on your own, eh?
Fuck you.
Tell us who the Jackal is.
I haven't the foggiest idea
what you're talking about.
Ah, come on Norman...
What's the Jackal's name?
I haven't the foggiest idea
what you're talking about.
Oh, I think you do, Norman.
We know the Jackal's
been contracted for another hit.
Makes sense he'd need another
bespoke weapon.
And after you did such a good job
with the last one.
Well, if it was me,
I'd be hurt if
he didn't ask me for the next one.
This is his. This... This is HIS.
Isn't it, Norman?
Eh?
The Jackal's here, isn't he?
Come on. Let's get him in the car.
No.
Wait.
The Jackal's been here.
His things are here...
...so he'll be back.
Tell Lina and Tamas
to keep watch on the street.
Change of plan. Lina,
stay by the car.
Tamas, take your position.
'Copy.'
Well, while we're waiting, Norman,
you can tell me
how you got my home address.
Hm?
Was it the same person that tipped
you off that we were in Belarus?
I haven't the foggiest idea
what you're talking about.
Huh...
Aren't you wondering
who tipped us off about you?
Huh?
It was Larry.
Yeah, that's right.
Man, it must be really hard,
finding out that it was
your own brother who sold you out.
And it must be even harder,
when the person
standing in front of you
is the one who made him talk,
and is gonna put you both
in jail for the rest
of your fucking lives.
Shooter. Flanking left.
'Does anyone
have eyes on? Can you see him?!'
'Negative.'
'I have eyes on.
He's by the stables.'
'Copy that. Eyes on.'
Hup!
He's going mobile...
on a fucking horse.
'In pursuit.'
'Lina, pick me up.'
'You didn't tell me
you were after John-fucking-Wayne.'
Go, go, go!
You OK?
Yes.
He hit the vest.
Fuck!
FUCK!
♪ LAURA MARLING:
Devil's Resting Place
♪ I woke up one morning
To know that I had gone
♪ Finally taken the step
And jumped right off the wall
♪ When you come to call on me
That's why my eyes are glazed
♪ I've been with the devil
In the devil's resting place
♪ I am loathed to say
It's the devil's taste
♪ I've been with the devil
In the devil's resting place
♪ Water won't clean you
♪ You only hold yourself
To the things you do
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky